hello and welcome to starcraft 5 stars
I'm gillyweed your host for the new
starcraft fans summer break is in full
swing but for the pros things are just
starting to fit up this weekend eight
players will head to the Red Bull
training grounds at full sail university
professors day nine indeed a week will
be on location to offer feedback on the
games it's like going to start off
University so while the players get
ready to head to class here's some
starcraft banner to fill your schedule
at SCU your first assignment is to pick
up a strategy textbook from Jack
Mathieson his translation of Sun Tzu's
the art of war is chock full of battle
wisdom including this week's required
reading on tactical disposition it'll be
a late night studying in the library but
when it's time for a snack the
university's cafeteria has you covered
this protest pizza from redditor mr.
lard is warped in hot to order and hand
assembled by the fastest Iron Chef in
the arcade when you need it this
delicacy is ready in a blink so you can
get back to the library and tackle
tonight's homework
I'll admit most problem sets are as much
fun as a cheesing opponent but lucky for
you red thermistor put together these
awesome crossword puzzles just don't
procrastinate or you'll have to pull an
all-nighter to finish them up and get in
a few hours of practice still a semester
of muttering will pay off during finals
week at the red bull training grounds
here's sneak peek of what will be on the
exam
that's it for another episode of craft
stars if you need help study send me a
message on facebook or twitter class
dismissed
Oh